The commander said
As long as the tobacco business is successful
Your position as overseer
That is, a word from the commander
Thank you, Mr. Li. Thank you
That's fine.
This time with the support of the Commander-in-Chief
This time the original gambling business will definitely succeed
Oh dad
I agree to mortgage the house.
Is that so?
Sign the mortgage agreement with the village today
Xiao Chen
a while
I'll send someone to bring 100,000 ocean to your house
OK
Qin Huamei, remember what time you said
If I just found out
It's not my Jingyun at first glance.
Got it, Uncle Lin
The Lin family will wait for the tobacco soil to arrive in Jingping this time.
I'm going to put your Lin family in a doomed place
Hey goldfish
Thanks to you this time
If the Gu family can come back to life this time
You did it.
Don't thank me.
The tobacco business is a love story that I didn't think of
If you want to thank him, thank him
This time, the Lin family jumped in by themselves
Don't Blame Me
Lin Bohai, this old thing
You want to mortgage my CEO?
If you come in along the way the day after tomorrow
Can you move to the Lin's house?
Don't worry, as long as we sacrifice a little bit of smoke and soil
Can be charged with selling tobacco
Buckle it on the Lin family's head
Hey, I'm dying